This site merely indexes of other sites’s contents. The hosting server or the administrator cannot be held responsible for the contents of any linked sites or any link contained in a linked site, or changes / updates to such sites. All materials on this website is for Educational Purposes ONLY.

For any copyright issues, you should contact the hosters files sites’s itself

If you still have or need further information

please send me PM through contact page

Send the written infringement notice to the following address and an email notifcation to jiomkv@gmail.com

If you want to send a DMCA take down request please keep in mind these will take 2-4 working days to process.

Before you send us any take down request please make sure you are the owner or on the behalf of the owner of the Movie or the contents. Please remember that all of our contents are not hosted on our server, we just share the links available online.

 


DISCLAIMER


www.jiomkv.blogspot.com does not host any files on it’s servers. All files or contents hosted on third party websites. JioMkv.com is absolutely legal and contains only links to other third party sites like Youtube, Uptobox, Mediafire, Google, Picasaweb, Dailymotion. JioMkv.com is not responsible for the compliance, copyright, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of other linked sites. www.jiomkv.blogspot.com does not accept responsibility for contents hosted on third party websites. We just index those links which are already available in internet.If you have any legal issues please contact the appropriate media file owners or linked hosting websites.

All files are for personal use only.



Copyrighted Contents???
What to do if I want you to remove certain copyrighted comments from your website?

Please note that we do not host any copyrighted content on this website. The comments (text) contains only information shared by users that do not contain data that might be copyrighted in any way. However, we offer a service to remove comments from our website if the copyright holder of the content requests so. These removal requests are only valid if:

You are, or your company is, the copyright holder of the content in question.
You provide the exact URLs to the comment.
You provide the complete name(s) of the content in question.
You can send the removal request using a verifiable email address
(e.g. address@yourname/yourcompany.com).
If your request complies with all of these rules, send a mail via above form. Please keep the correspondence polite.

We remove postings as soon as we can, usually within 4 days. Keep in mind that we can only handle removal requests that comply with the above rules.



…:::JioMkv Team:::…